Example Prompt: Hey, please, provide me the list of the most common customer 
complaints in online e-commerce shop

Example Prompt: ChatGPT, generate instructions for yourself that is recommended
to follow when dealing with customer complaints about late or delayed delivery.
Instructions should provide specific recommendations of how to process the
complaint in order to save the customer.

Example Prompt:Keep it short, please. 3-5 bullet points max.Generate the key 
and the main recommendations for handling late or delayed delivery.

Example Prompt:
Respond quickly with empathy:"We are sorry for the delay and understand your 
frustration."
Provide compensation options:"We would like to offer you a 10% 
discount on your next order that you will have the right to use within
one year."

only in case a customer is extremely unhappy or threatens you or your 
business, and only if they insist on cancelling an order, then you can offer 
them a coupon for the amount of purchase that they can use in our shop within
the next 3 years.


Note: Where you should put these instructions in order to check how they 
work with ChatGPT.

You have multiple options too.

You can start a new chat and use these instructions as initial prompt.
Or if you work with ChatGPT, a web application, you can click on your icon, 
then select configure ChatGPT. And here you have two text areas.

The first one is to provide the context for ChatGPT about yourself, and the 
second one is about giving instructions to ChatGPT.

How to reply.

I copied the instructions that we created together, so let me just paste 
them here.

Once you click the save button, new instructions will be applied to the new 
chat.

Let's ask ChatGPT to generate for us a few complaints, and we'll proceed to 
the new chat to check how ChatGPT will handle complaints.

Example Prompt:Please generate 5 customer complaints related to late or 
delayed delivery

Note: And here we have ready to use examples.
Let's copy one of it in order to check how ChatGPT will handle those with 
our instructions.

I create a new chat and I paste the one of the complaints.

Example Prompt:123456 is order number

Example Prompt: So, any update? I'm waiting here!


Example Prompt: No, I don't want a 10% discount.I want a half price discount 
or return all my money!

Example Prompt: I'm not happy with you offer. I don't need this product at all
right now!

Example Prompt: Why you can't process refund? I even didn't receive the 
delivery



To Search in google:

currency exchange fees revolut

https://help.revolut.com/help/wealth/exchanging-money/how-much-does-it-cost-to-make-an-exchange/will-i-be-charged-for-exchanging-foreign-currencies/

Assets available to trade

https://help.revolut.com/en-ES/help/wealth/stocks/getting-started-with-trading/what-s-available-to-trade/whats-available-to-trade/


What are Revolut’s trading fees

https://help.revolut.com/help/wealth/stocks/trading-stocks/trading-fees/what-fees-will-i-be-charged-for-my-trading/



Hey, Who are you?

Do you offer currency exchange services?Do you charge any fees?what are they?
